[Music]
hello English Learners and welcome back
to English pod my name is Marco and I'm
Erica how are you Erica Marco I'm doing
really well today you're excited uhhuh
we've got a great lesson for everyone
yes we have a really common situation
where we're going to use real English
right yep everyday English English that
people really use and that's what we
want you to learn what are we talking
about today specifically today we have a
really common situation that is a little
bit embarrassing
all right an embarrassing situation so
let's listen to the dialogue for the
first time and it's going to be kind of
fast yeah but don't worry if you don't
understand everything because after 10
minutes you'll understand everything
Perfect all right let's
[Music]
listen Nick how's it going oh hey what
are you doing in this neighborhood do
you live around here actually my office
is right around the corner it was great
to meet you last week at the conference
I really enjoyed our conversation about
foreign investment yeah yeah it was
really interesting you know I'm in a bit
of a hurry but here's my card we should
definitely meet up again and continue
our discussion sure you still have my
contact details right you know what this
is really embarrassing but your name has
just slipped my mind can you remind me
sure sure my name is Anna Ferris don't
worry about it it happens to me all the
time I'm terrible with names
too wow Nick forgot her name yeah that's
happened to me a couple of times and I'm
going to tell you about it a little bit
later okay all right well let's start
with our three language
takeaways language
takeaway so our first word on our
language takeaway is in a bit of a hurry
in a bit of a hurry in a bit of a hurry
in a bit of a hurry so Nick was in a
hurry yeah that's right this is a great
phrase so let's listen to three examples
of how you can use this phrase example
one can you drive faster I'm in a bit of
a
hurry example two
I can't talk right now I'm in a bit of a
hurry example
three I'm in a bit of a hurry so I'll
check these files
later okay so it's clear now basically
it means that you don't have time you're
moving really quickly okay perfect now
let's look at our second language
takeaway word and it's it's contact
details contact details contact details
contact details so what are your contact
details basically this is the
information you can find on your
business card all right so we have like
our name our telephone number your email
address perhaps your mobile phone number
so all the useful information so people
can get in touch with you yep so people
can phone you or email you okay so
contact details great okay so our third
third word is slipped my mind slipped my
mind slipped my mind slipped my mind so
this is a funny phrase it's kind of
strange right yeah slipped my mind it
sounds very weird exactly okay so now
we're going to listen to two examples of
this phrase try and see if you can
figure out what it means example
one I'm sorry I forgot to respond to
your email it just slipped my mind
example
two don't you know what day it is today
oh it's your birthday it completely
slipped my
mind ah so slipped my mind is like I
forgot you forgot something uhhuh so
accidentally right okay great now it's
time for putting it
together putting it together
all right Erica why don't you tell our
listeners what putting it together is
well putting it together helps you put
language together it helps you be more
fluent by knowing how words fit together
great so let's look at our first phrase
today and it's around here around here
around here around here so this is like
close by close by right I can say for
example is there a bank around here yeah
yeah um so that's is there a bank close
to here exactly now this phrase around
here we can change it a little bit and
it means something a little bit
different right I could say Marco
there's a great restaurant right around
the corner right and that would mean
there is a great restaurant on the other
Street yep around the corner yep great
or we have another example we can say
around there around there right so for
example I can say uh Los Angeles is a
great City I used to live around there
so you used to live near Los Angeles
exactly all right it's a really good
phrase and it's really common yeah now
our next phrase in putting it together
is terrible with terrible with terrible
with terrible with so we have a couple
of examples that will show you how this
phrase
Works example one
you're terrible with numbers you can't
even remember your own telephone
number example
two I'm terrible with directions I'm
always getting
lost example
three I'm terrible with faces I can
never remember what people look
like wow I understand that I'm also
terrible with numbers I can barely add
2+
two well yeah I guess uh not everyone is
a numbers person I'm terrible with uh
faces I sometimes forget what people
look like really yeah uhoh so I think
it's time now for us to listen to our
dialogue a second time okay this time
the dialogue will be a little bit slower
right so try and listen for some of the
words we've just talked about
Nick how's it going oh hey what are you
doing in this neighborhood do you live
around here actually my office is right
around the corner it was great to meet
you last week at the conference I really
enjoyed our conversation about foreign
investment yeah yeah it was really
interesting you know I'm in a bit of a
hurry but here here's my card we should
definitely meet up again and continue
our
discussion sure you still have my
contact details right you know what this
is really embarrassing but your name has
just slipped my mind can you remind me
sure my name is Anna Ferris don't worry
about it it happens to me all the time
I'm terrible with names
too so it's more clear now you can
understand a lot better right yeah
that's true great so now it's time for
us to take a look at fluency
Builder fluency Builder so with fluency
Builder we take some very simple phrases
and show you how you can be more fluent
or how you can sound more native yeah
great in the beginning of the dialogue
Anna said Nick how's it going yeah this
is a great phrase it sounds really
really natural you know sometimes I hear
students say how are you or how are you
doing those are two great phrases but
this one sounds really really natural it
just sounds more casual yeah let's
listen again to that phrase from the
dialogue how's it
going how's it
going great so next time that you find a
friend on the street you can just say
hey how's it going yeah so Marco have
you ever forgotten someone's name yeah
it's happened to me a couple of times
and actually the most embarrassing
situation was that I forgot a family
memb no a family member's name we had
like a family reunion and there were a
lot of aunts and uncles and cousins that
I hadn't seen in a while and I just
forgot one of my uncle's names and I was
uhoh that's pretty embarrassing so what
did you do well I had to ask one of my
uh other cousins I'm like hey who is
that guy he's like oh that's Uncle John
I'm like oh man I totally forgot yeah so
it was really embarrassing because I
didn't know what to call him so I just
called him Uncle cuz I didn't know his
name hi Uncle yeah oh yeah so when that
happens to me when I'm in a business
setting sometimes what I do is I ask for
someone's card ah yeah that's the good
technique yeah or sometimes I might ask
them to write down their email cuz
usually their full name is spelled out
in their email address so that's my
trick when I forgotten someone's name
that's a good trick and I guess a lot of
our listeners can take your advice on
that okay so I think it's time for us to
listen to our dialogue one more time
this time at natural
speed Nick how's it going oh hey
what are you doing in this neighborhood
do you live around here actually my
office is right around the corner it was
great to meet you last week at the
conference I really enjoyed our
conversation about foreign investment
yeah yeah it was really interesting you
know I'm in a bit of a hurry but here's
my card we should definitely meet up
again and continue our discussion sure
you still have my contact details right
you know what this is really
embarrassing but your name has just
slipped my mind can you remind me
sure my name is Anna Ferris don't worry
about it it happens to me all the time
I'm terrible with names
too well I hope that you've all enjoyed
our lesson for today and remember to
check out our website at englishpod
do.com where you can find a lot of other
resources and you can leave all your
questions and comments yeah Marco and I
are always on the site so we're happy to
answer all of your questions exactly so
now it's time for us to say
[Music]
goodbye the English pod audio
review listen to the meaning then say
the vocabulary
word how are
you how's it
going close to here
around
here on the next
street around the
corner moving quickly having no
time in a bit of a
hurry information required to contact
someone for example telephone number
email
address contact details
been
forgotten slip my
mind bad
at terrible
with close to
there around
there to know and remember someone or
something you have seen
before to recognize
someone you know but who is not a close
friend
acquaintance move quickly not have much
[Music]
time in a
rush forgetting things
easily
forgetful let's try that
faster bad
at terrible
with forgetting things
easily
forgetful to know and remember someone
or something you have seen
before to
recognize close to
there around
there moving quickly having no time
in a bit of a
hurry close to
here around
here move quickly not have much
[Music]
time in a
rush how are
you how's it
going on the next
street around the
corner information required to Conta
someone for example telephone number
email
address contact
details someone you know but who is not
a close
friend
acquaintance been
forgotten slip my
mind now say the word and hear it in a
sentence around here
excuse me is there a bakery around
here around
here did I leave my keys somewhere
around here around
here there is a really good restaurant
right around
here if you are looking for a bank there
is one right around the corner
you can find a parking space right
around the
corner there used to be a supermarket
right around the corner but it went out
of
business I'm in a bit of a hurry now so
I will talk to you later
his wife was having a baby so he was in
a bit of a
hurry can you drive faster I'm in a bit
of a
hurry contact
details Isabelle do you have the contact
details of our internet service
provider contact details
here is my card with all my contact
details contact
details I don't have your contact
details slip my
mind I'm sorry I forgot to respond to
your email it just slipped my mind slip
my mind
I forgot I had a dentist appointment
this afternoon it must have slipped my
mind slip my
mind I'm sorry I forgot your birthday it
completely slipped my
mind terrible
with I always make mistakes with the
budget I'm terrible with
numbers terrible with
I am terrible with directions I always
get
lost terrible
with every time I turn on the computer
something happens I'm terrible with
technology
[Music]